Hello and welcome to world news today.
If you want a new adventure and have a lot of money
you could soon book a trip to the International Space Station.
On Friday, NASA announced it will open the
International Space Station for tourism and business.
There will be up to two private missions per year.
We are allowing private astronaut missions
to the International Space Station.
NASA will support up to two private missions
per year starting as early as 2020.
These private missions will allow approved
commercial activities on the station.
So now you know.
Keith Cowing is an astrobiologist and former NASA
employee who edits the online blog NASA Watch.
Keith, what do you make of this?
It’s not surprising. The space station has had commercial
visitors before by the Russians, but it was improvised.
Now NASA has clarified the process for doing
commercial activities in the space station.
It’s clear now, like an advert for a resort
where you can choose activities and then pay.
What’s the incentive? Bringing more
private money into space research?
There has been interest in commercializing
the space station for many years.
With NASA's plans to return to the moon,
they are looking to offset some costs.
But President Trump tweeted that NASA should not talk
about going back to the moon, so things might change.
The idea is to move routine activities closer to Earth,
save money, and fund NASA's exploration of new frontiers.
It’s about re-balancing payments for a bigger plan of exploration.